one situation that really struck me is, uh, you know, having a profound
effect on my career is when I was down in one of the plants and another
crew member asked me, Hey, can you help me out with my maintenance?
I said, Sure, I'm free. Hey, took me thio these two boxes and
for most of the maintenance requirement courage, it takes one person
to kind of look, um, maybe be a safety observer and explain things
and another person actually be in the in the in the equipment. And in
order to do any maintenance down in the nuclear power plants, there's
a long process. You have to get permission from the watch officer.
You have to hang danger tags. You have to have another person go
around and look at the danger tags you have tow. You know, say that
you're ready to work. You have to go down to the plant and actually
like, set up the proper equipment. You know, there, we try to make it
a safe. It's possible. So he said that he had done all of the requested,
um, you know, background stuff. And he said, Yeah, you know,
like I just go up there. But I think I was changing a V c. I or actually,
there was something that I had to do. Ah, electrician's wise.
Um, but he had me do it now. He said that it was the energized and he
did the de energized checks. Um, and I actually, like, looked at actually
like, um, I think that I checked it myself, or maybe I didn't,
but, um, I did all the all the maintenance for it. I clean the inside.
I was exposing myself to electrical wires. And then I shut it,
and I looked at the sheet of paper and I was actually working on the
wrong breaker. So he's the one who actually opened it. And he said,
Yeah, it's ready to go. Hey, just need another person. But I was actually
working in ah, free electrical breaker. And I think it's 450
volts. Um, so I was pretty upset about that. Um, Or maybe it was 1
20. I'm not I'm not really sure, but yeah, that I should have never
been in that situation. And rather than go up until the Watch officer
rather than make a big scene about it. I, um I got really frustrated,
you know? I shut the door. You know, I didn't yell at him or scream
at him. I just said, You know what? I'm never gonna put myself in
that situation again. I'm gonna check every single breaker, every
single tag. I'm always gonna look read every single instruction because
I don't trust anyone at that time. And that was wrong. I should
have ratted him out. I should have, um, made sure that he wasn't put
in, that he wasn't able to put other people in that situation again.
And that's unethical thing that, you know, I e actually got wrong.